Eedeleon/release skinny client (#4049)
mlflow/mlflow: README_SKINNY_PREFIX.rst

> =============================================

Reviewer: Can we rename this file to `README_SKINNY`?

Reviewer 2: of course

> MLflow Skinny: A Light Weight Machine Learning Lifecycle Platform Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow Skinny: A Lightweight Machine Learning Lifecycle Platform Client
```

=============================================

> MLflow Skinny is a base MLflow package without Store specific, server, UI, or Data Science dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow Skinny is a lightweight MLflow package without metadata / artifact storage, server, UI, or data science dependencies.
```

MLflow Skinny supports:
* Tracking operations (logging / loading / searching params, metrics, tags + logging / loading artifacts
* Model registration, search, artifact loading, and transitions
* Execution of GitHub projects within notebook & against a remote target.

> Scenario specific dependencies can be added to unlock the full feature set of MLflow. A few examples:
> * installing an ML library such as sckit-learn, numpy, and pandas expands support for model log/ load operations.
> * adding sqlalchemy, alembic, and sqlparse expands support for the SqlAlchemy store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional dependencies can be installed to leverage the full feature set of MLflow. For example:
* To use the `mlflow.sklearn` component of MLflow Models, install `scikit-learn`, `numpy`, and `pandas`.
* To use SQL-based metadata storage, install `sqlalchemy`, `alembic`, and `sqlparse`.
```
